[15.0][ADD] sale_order_whole_delivered_invoiceability: Add new module (#1791)
OCA/account-invoicing: sale_order_whole_delivered_invoiceability/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module controls the invoicing of sale orders until all material has been delivered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module prevents the invoiceability of the sale orders until all the
stockable products has been delivered.
```

Author: All changes done! thanks!
